docs: add OMAP quick fix warning to upgrade guide (#9187)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-upgrade.md

## Ceph Version Upgrades

> **WARNING: There is a notice from Ceph for users upgrading to Ceph Pacific v16.2.6 or lower from
> an earlier major version of Ceph. If you are upgrading to Ceph Pacific (v16), please upgrade to

> > v16.2.7 or higher if possible. See for more: https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/9185**

Reviewer: Since v16.2.7 isn't available yet, how about if we also document here that they need to set the following before upgrading as you mentioned in the issue? 
```
ceph config set global bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount false
ceph config set osd bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount false
```

Author: I don't think they need to unless they have explicitly set them to `true` on their own. Those commands will only change what I wrote for my example, but it won't help a user who set them using `ceph config set osd.0 bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount true`.

Reviewer: I like your latest suggestion on the issue to ensure they are unset. What if we just recommend they run the unset commands before upgrading to pacific 16.2.0-16.2.6?

MDSes, etc.), then only when the condition is met we move to the next daemon. We repeat this process
until all the daemons have been updated.

### Disable `bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount`
> **WARNING: There is a notice from Ceph for users upgrading to Ceph Pacific v16.2.6 or lower from

> > an earlier major version of Ceph. If you are upgrading to Ceph Pacific (v16), please upgrade to

Reviewer: It's specifically from octopus, right? I thought the setting didn't apply to nautilus
```suggestion
> Ceph Octopus v15. If you are upgrading to Ceph Pacific (v16), please upgrade to
```

Author: It does apply to Nautilus. The setting was introduced in v14.2.5.

> v16.2.7 or higher if possible.**

If you must upgrade to a version lower than v16.2.7, ensure that all instances of
`bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount` in Rook-Ceph configs are removed.

First, Ensure no references to `bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount` are present in the
`rook-config-override` [ConfigMap](ceph-advanced-configuration.md#custom-cephconf-settings). Remove
them if they exist.

Finally, ensure no references to `bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount` are present in Ceph's internal
configuration. Run all commands below from the [toolbox](ceph-toolbox.md).

In the example below, two instances of `bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount` are present and are
commented, and some output text has been removed for brevity.
```sh
ceph config-key dump
```
```
{
    # ...

>     "config/global/bluestore_fsck_quick_fix_on_mount": "false",       # <-- FALSE

Reviewer: For a simpler doc, how about we remove all the lines that are not the settings we are looking at?

Author: I can remove most of them, but I think it's useful to see a few examples of non-relevant lines for comparison.

Author: Notably, I was a little confused by the `osd_scrub_auto_repair` setting, so I think it's good to show as an irrelevant example in the output. And a couple examples of other config paths (the `mgr` and `mgr.a` in this case).
